README.md, before:

# Jack Davidson ([website](https://jack-davidson.github.io/site/))
Hi, my name is Jack Davidson and I am a programmer in Austin, Texas. I enjoy
computer science & mathematics. I have a strong passion for learning and I am a
strong believer in the growth mindset.

## latest project
[personal website and blog](https://github.com/jack-davidson/jackdavidson)

My lastest project, my personal website and blog, is an extension of my
previously made static website and I a backend, django, to make have the
ability to create, read, update, and delete blogs. I made great use of
templating so all templates inherit from global templates. The personal website
and blog is not yet hosted so the 
[old static website](https://jack-davidson.github.io/site/) is what
I am using now. Once I get my personal website and blog hosted, that will
be my primary website and I will take down the old site. The source code for
the old site is available [here](https://github.com/jack-davidson/site).

## programming languages
- C
- POSIX-compatible shell
- python
	- django

## frontend languages
- javascript
- HTML
- CSS

Commit message:

added tech used section in latest project

README.md, after:

# Jack Davidson ([website](https://jack-davidson.github.io/site/))
Hi, my name is Jack Davidson and I am a programmer in Austin, Texas. I enjoy
computer science & mathematics. I have a strong passion for learning and I am a
strong believer in the growth mindset.

## latest project
[personal website and blog](https://github.com/jack-davidson/jackdavidson)

### technologies used:
- python
	- django
- HTML
	- django templates
- CSS
- Template inheritance

My lastest project, my personal website and blog, is an extension of my
previously made static website and I added a backend, django, to make have the
ability to create, read, update, and delete blogs. I made great use of
templating so all templates inherit from global templates.

The personal website and blog is not yet hosted so the 
[old static website](https://jack-davidson.github.io/site/) is what
I am using now. Once I get my personal website and blog hosted, that will
be my primary website and I will take down the old site. The source code for
the old site is available [here](https://github.com/jack-davidson/site).

## programming languages
- C
- POSIX-compatible shell
- python
	- django

## frontend languages
- javascript
- HTML
- CSS
